Hope y'all enjoy this.

		GOOD KID, M.A.A.D CITY
	Sherane (a.k.a Master Splinter's Daughter)

Lord God
I come to you a sinner
And I humbly repent for my sins
I believe that Jesus is Lord
I believe that you raised him from the dead
I will ask that Jesus come to my life
And be my Lord and Savior
I receive Jesus to take control of my life
And that I may live for him from this day forth
Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood
In Jesus' name, Amen
I met her at this house party on El Segundo and Central
She had the credentials of strippers in Atlanta
Ass came with a hump from the jump she was a camel
I want to ride like Arabians
Push an '04 Mercedes-Benz
"Hello my name is Kendrick"
She said "No, you're handsome"
Whispered in my ear, disappeared then found her dancing
Ciara had played in the background
The parade music we made had us all wearing shades now (cool)
"Where you stay?"
She said, "Down the street from Dominguez High"
Okay, I know that's borderline Compton or Paramount
"Well is it Compton?"
"No, " she replied and quickly start batting her eyes and
I strictly had wanted her thighs around me
Seventeen, with nothing but pussy stuck on my mental
My motive was rather sinful
"What you trying to get into?"
She didn't tell, just gave me her Nextel
Dropped the number, we chirped the whole summer and well
The summer had passed and now I'm liking her
Conversation we having probably enticing her
Who could imagine, maybe my actions would end up wifing her
Love or lust, regardless we'll fuck 'cause the trife in us
It's deep-rooted, the music of being young and dumb
Its never muted, in fact it's much louder where I'm from
We know a lot 'bout each other, her mother was a crack addict
She live with her granny and her younger two brothers
Her favorite cousin Demetrius's irrepetible
Family history of gang banging did make me skeptical
But not enough to stop me from getting a nut
"I wanna come over, what's up?"
That's what I told her soon as this episode
Of Martin go off
I'm trying to get off
I was in heat like a cactus, my tactics of being thirsty
Probably could hurt me, but fuck it I got some heart
Grab my momma's keys, hopped in the car, then oh boy
So now I'm down Rosecrans in a Caravan
Passing Alameda, my gas meter in need of a pump
I got enough to get me through the traffic jam
At least I hope cause my pockets broke as a promise man
I'm thinking 'bout that sex, thinking bout her thighs
Or maybe kissing on her neck, or maybe what position's next
Sent a picture of her titties blowing up my texts
I looked at 'em and almost ran my front bumper into Corvette
Enthused by the touch of a woman she's a masseuse
And I'm a professional porn star when off the Goose
I had a fifth in the trunk like Curtis Jackson for ransom
I'm hoping to get her loose like an Uncle Luke Anthem
I'm two blocks away, two hundred and fifty feet
And six steps from where she stay, she waving me 'cross the street
I pulled up a smile on my face, and then I see
Two niggas, two black hoodies, I froze as my phone rang
Please leave your message for 323
Record your message after the tone
Kendrick, where you at?
Damn! I'm sittin' here waitin' on my van
You told me you was gon' be back in fifteen minutes
I gotta go to the county buildin', man
These kids ready to eat! I'm ready to eat, shit
I gotta get them food stamps, come on now
You on you way or what?
I hope you ain't out there messin' with them damn hood-rats out there, shit
Especially that lil' crazy-ass girl Sherane
And plus you got school tomorrow
You keep fuckin' around in them streets
You ain't gon' pass to the next grade, eleventh grade
(Is that Kendrick on the phone?)
Yo' daddy hollerin' about some damn dominoes (lemme holler at me him)
He want to holler at you too, go 'head, Kenny, go! Shit
Kenny! (What?) You on his voicemail! Damn fool (oh) shit!
(K, where my motherfuckin' dominoes at?
This the second time I ask you to bring my fuckin' dominoes!)
Kenny, give me the damn phone, shit, don't hang up! Damn!
Just let me—Kendrick
When you get this message, man, call me back
I need to know when you gon' bring back my damn car (Side note: he really wants his dominoes, sheesh)
This man fussin' about some damn dominoes
It ain't all that serious, for damn dominoes
Shit, I'ma miss my damn appointment! Fuck!
Fuck them damn dominoes, nobody wanna hear that
Nobody wanna hear yo' ass!
Matter of fact, cut my motherfuckin' oldies back on
You killin' my motherfuckin' vibe

	B----, Don't Kill My Vibe

I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Look inside of my soul and you can find gold and maybe get rich
Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist
I can feel the changes
I can feel a new life
I always knew life can be dangerous
I can say that I like a challenge and you tell me it's painless
You don't know what pain is
How can I paint this picture
When the color blind is hanging with ya?
Fell on my face and I woke with a scar
Another mistake living deep in my heart
Wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick
I can admit that it did look like yours
Why you resent every making of this?
Tell me your purpose is petty again
But even a small lighter can burn a bridge
Even a small lighter can burn a bridge
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people 'round me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check, with all disrespect let me say this
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I'm trying to keep it alive and not compromise the feeling we love
You trying to keep it deprived and only co-sign what radio does
And I'm looking right past ya
We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles
You live in a world, you living behind the mirror
I know what you scared of, the feeling of feeling emotions inferior
This shit is vital, I know you had to
This shit is vital, I know you had to
Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain
Is way more believable, give me a feasible gain
Rather a seasonal name, I'll let the people know this is something you can blame
On yourselves you can remain, stuck in a box
I'ma break out and then hide every lock
I'ma break out and then hide every lock
I can feel the changes
I can feel the new people around me just want to be famous
You can see that my city found me put me on stages
To me that's amazing
To you that's a quick check, with all disrespect let me say this
I am a sinner
Who's probably gonna sin again
Lord forgive me
Lord forgive me
Things I don't understand
Sometimes I need to be alone
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
I can feel your energy from two planets away
I got my drink I got my music I would share it but today I'm yelling
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
You ain't heard the coast like this in a long time
Don't you see that long line?
And they waiting on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth
3's in the air I can see you are in sync
Hide your feelings, hide your feelings now what you better do
I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Walk out the door and they scream it's alive
My new year's resolution is to stop all the pollution
Talk too motherfucking much, I got my drink I got my music
I say bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe
Bitch don't kill my vibe

	Backseat Freestyle 

Uh, Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I feel amazing, damn I'm in the matrix
My mind is living on cloud nine and this nine is never on vacation
Start up that Maserati and VROOM VROOM! I'm racing
Poppin' pills in the lobby and I pray they don't find her naked
And I pray you niggas is hatin', shooters go after Judas
Jesus Christ if I live life on my knees, ain't no need to do this
Park it in front of Lueders, next to that Church's Chicken
All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winners, screaming
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy-two hours
Goddamn I got bitches (okay!) damn I got bitches (okay!)
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers
I've got twenty-five lighters on my dresser, yessir
Put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher
And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn't measure
And it make me cum fast but I never get embarrassed
And I recognize you have what I've been wanting since that record
That Adina Howard had pop it fast to impress her
She rollin' I'm holding my scrotum and posing
This voice here is golden so fuck y'all I goes in and
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy two hours
Damn I got bitches, damn I got bitches
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or nigga
It's go time
I roll in dough with a good grind
And I run at ho with a baton
That's a relay race with a bouquet
They say, "K, you goin' marry mines?"
Beeotch! (no way) Beeotch! (no way)
Beeotch! (no way) Beeotch!
Okay, I'm never living life confined
It's a failure even if I'm blind
I can tell ya who what when where how?
To sell ya game right on time
Beeotch! (go play) Beeotch! (go play)
Beeotch! (go play) Beeotch!
I look like OJ, killing everything from pussy to a mothafuckin' Hit-Boy beat
She pussy poppin' and I got options like an audible, I be
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win then ball at your defeat
C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city mobbin' in the street, yellin'
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead shower
I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower
So I can fuck the world for seventy two hours
Goddamn I got bitches (okay!) damn I got bitches (okay!)
Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress
All my life I want money and power
Respect my mind or die from lead showers (let it run Ali)
Martin had a dream
Martin had a dream
Kendrick have a dream

	The Art of Peer Pressure 

Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit yo' bitch-ass down
And listen to this true motherfuckin' story
Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bitch
Smokin' on the finest dope, ay-ay-ay-ah
Drank until I can't no more, ay-ay-ay-ah
Really I'm a sober soul
But I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't askin' for no favors
Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ay-ay-ay-ah
Really, I'm a peacemaker
But I'm with the homies right now
And Momma used to say (say, say, say, say)
One day it's gon' burn you out (woo)
One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out (you, you, you, you)
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, and orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists and fill they body with hate
If it's necessary, bumpin' Jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
Speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses
Of the workin' world, we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
And asked them what they workin' with
Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I'm drug-free, but shit, I'm with the homies
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Remy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga!
Me and the homies
Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up four and get twisted some more
Me and the homies
I ride for my motherfuckin' niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
Me and the homies
Matter of fact, I hop out that motherfucker
And be like, "Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo! Doo!"
It's 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin'
Hungry for anything unhealthy
And if nutrition can help me
I'll tell you to suck my dick, then I'll continue eatin'
We speedin' on the 405, passin' Westchester
You know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
Good Lord, they knew we weren't from 'round there
'Cause every time we down there
We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn't like
Then started interrogatin'
I never was a gangbanger, I mean
I never was stranger to the fonk neither, I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That's ironic, 'cause I've never been violent
Until I'm with the homies
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin', actin' a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin', really trippin')
Me and the homies
(Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin')
Braggin' about the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want
Ay, ay, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe
Ay, nigga, I think it's somebody in this room
Wait, what?!
Nigga, it's somebody in this room
I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called, "Hello? What you doin'?", "Kickin' it"
I shoulda told her I'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense
With the homies
But, they made a right, they made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies
K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well, which one he talkin' about?
I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans!
Nigga, I think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
Nigga, for what?
What that nigga, what's that Jeezy song say, nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there
I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go, man, you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan, luv
We gon' use the kickback as a alibi, wait 'til the sun go down
Roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he's not gon' do
Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight, but we should meet up around 12
I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
Nigga, sit yo' dumbass back down!
Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
Matter of fact, nigga, get in the motherfuckin' car
We finna get active!


	Money Trees

Uh, me and my niggas tryna get it, ya bish (ya bish)
Hit the house lick, tell me is you wit' it, ya bish? (Ya bish)
Home invasion was persuasive (was persuasive)
From nine-to-five I know it's vacant, ya bish (ya bish)
Dreams of living life like rappers do (like rappers do)
Back when condom wrappers wasn't cool (they wasn't cool)
I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros (tell my bros)
Then Usher Raymond "Let It Burn" came on ("Let Burn" came on)
Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen, ya bish (ya bish)
Park the car then we start rhyming, ya bish (ya bish)
The only thing we had to free our mind (free our mind)
Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs (see dollar signs)
You looking like an easy come up, ya bish (ya bish)
A silver spoon I know you come from, ya bish (ya bish)
And that's a lifestyle that we never knew (we never knew)
Go at a reverend for the revenue
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doing
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just fuck your main bitch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with, that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just make that lane switch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich, that's just how I feel
Dreams of living life like rappers do (like rappers do)
Bump that new E-40 after school (way after school)
You know "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (my homies)
Earl Stevens had us thinkin' rational (thinkin' rational)
Back to reality, we poor, ya bish (ya bish)
Another casualty at war, ya bish (ya bish)
Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head (my Tony head)
He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish (ya bish)
That Louis Burgers never be the same (won't be the same)
A Louis belt will never ease that pain (won't ease that pain)
But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin' (that day is jerkin')
Pull off at Church's with Pirellis skirtin' (Pirellis skirtin')
Gang signs out the window, ya bish (ya bish)
Hoping all of them offend you, ya bish (ya bish)
They say your hood is a pot of gold (pot of gold)
And we gon' crash it when nobody's home
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doing
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just fuck your main bitch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with, that's just how I feel
Nah, nah, a dollar might just make that lane switch, that's just how I feel
Nah, a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich, that's just how I feel
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way
Be the last one out to get this dough? No way
Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way
Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way
Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way
'Magine Rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets
Santa Claus don't miss them stockings, liquor spillin', pistols popping
Baking soda YOLA whipping ain't no turkey on Thanksgivin'
My homeboy just domed a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him
Pots with cocaine residue, every day I'm hustlin'
What else is a thug to do when you eatin' cheese from the government?
Gotta provide for my daughter n'em, get the fuck up out my way, bitch
Got that drum and I got them bands just like a parade, bitch
Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don't see my stash
If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass
From the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurking, blood
Bitches selling pussy, niggas selling drugs, but it's all good
Broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is
Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a Foot Locker is
In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees
Dreams of me getting shaded under a money tree
It go Halle Berry or hallelujah
Pick your poison, tell me what you doing
Everybody gon' respect the shooter
But the one in front of the gun lives forever
(The one in front of the gun, forever)
And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way
Through canals and alleyways, just to say
Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that's just how I feel
Kendrick, just bring my car back man, I called in for another appointment
I figured you weren't gonna be back here on time anyways
Look, shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house man
This man's on one, he feeling good than a motherfucker
Shit, I'm tryna get my thing going too, just bring my car back (girl, I want your body, I want your body)
Shit, he faded, he feeling good, look, listen to him ('cause you got a big ol' fat ass)
Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol' fat ass
See he high as hell, shit, he ain't even trippin' off them
Damn dominoes no more (girl, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol-)
Just bring the car back
Did somebody say dominoes? (Why is Kendrick's dad so into dominoes? I respect it though) 

	good kid

Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
Look inside these walls
And you see I'm havin' withdrawals of a prisoner on his way
Trapped inside your desire to fire bullets that stray
Track attire just tell you I'm tired and ran away
I should ask a choir "What do you require
To sing a song that acquire me to have faith?"
As the record spin I should pray
For the record, I recognize that I'm easily prey
I got ate alive yesterday
I got animosity buildin', it's probably big as a buildin'
Me jumpin' off of the roof is me just playin' it safe
But what am I 'posed to do when the topic is red or blue
And you understand that I ain't?
But know I'm accustomed to just a couple that look for trouble
And live in the street with rank
No better picture to paint than me walkin' from bible study
And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face
From a function that tooken place, they was wonderin' if I bang
Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks
I don't mind 'cause one day you'll respect the good kid, m.A.A.d city
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
All I see is strobe lights, blinding me in my hindsight
Finding me by myself, promise me you can help
In all honesty I got time to be copacetic until
You had finally made decision to hold me against my will
It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still
I can never pick out the difference and grade a cop on the bill
Every time you clock in the morning, I feel you just want to kill
All my innocence while ignoring my purpose to persevere as a better person
I know you heard this and probably in fear
But what am I 'posed to do with the blinking of red and blue
Flash from the top of your roof and your dog has to say woof
And you ask, "Lift up your shirt" 'cause you wonder if a tattoo
Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through
Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile
I heard them chatter, "He's probably young but I know that he's down"
Step on his neck as hard as your bulletproof vest
He don't mind, he know we'll never respect, the good kid, m.A.A.d. city
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby
All I see in this room, 20's, Xannies and these 'shrooms
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live in a sane society?
It's entirely stressful upon my brain
You hired me as a victim, I quietly hope for change
When violence is the rhythm, inspired me to obtain
The silence in this room with 20's, Xannies and 'shrooms
Some grown-up candy I lost it, I feel it's nothing to lose
The streets sure to release the worst side of my best
Don't mind, 'cause now you ever in debt to good kid, m.A.A.d. city
Mass hallucination, baby
Ill education, baby
Want to reconnect with your elations?
This is your station, baby

	m.A.A.d. city

If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear
"Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!"
"Man down
Where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.a.d city I run, my nigga"
Brace yourself, I'll take you on a trip down memory lane
This is not a rap on how I'm slingin crack or move cocaine
This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain
Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighing on your brain
It was me, L Boog, and Yan Yan, YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans
It got ugly, waving your hand out the window, check yo self
Uh, Warriors and Conans
Hope euphoria can slow dance with society
The driver seat the first one to get killed
Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out
At the same burger stand where-, hang out
Now this is not a tape recording saying that he did it
But ever since that day, I was lookin' at him different
That was back when I was nine
Joey packed the nine
Pakistan on every porch is fine
We adapt to crime, pack a van with four guns at a time
With the sliding door, fuck is up?
Fuck you shootin' for if you ain't walkin up you fuckin' punk?
Pickin' up the fuckin' pump
Pickin' off you suckers, suck a dick or die or sucker punch
A wall of bullets comin' from
Ak's, AR's, "Aye y'all. Duck"
That's what momma said when we was eatin' that free lunch
Aw man, God damn, all hell broke loose
You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck yo' truce
Now crawl yo' head in that noose
You wind up dead on the news
Ain't no peace treaty, just piecin'
Bgs up to pre-approve, bodies on top of bodies
Iv's on top of IV's
Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys
When you hop on that trolley
Make sure your color's correct
Make sure you're corporate, or they'll be calling your mother collect
They say the governor collect, all of our taxes except
When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat
You movin' backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC
Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess
M.a.a.d city
"Man down
Where you from, nigga?"
"Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga?"
"Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga?"
"This m.A.a.d city I run, my nigga"
If Pirus and Crips all got along
They'd probably gun me down by the end of this song
Seem like the whole city go against me
Every time I'm in the street I hear
"Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!
Wake yo' punk ass up!
It ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea
Real simple and plain
"Let me teach you some lessons about the street
(Smoke somethin', nigga)
Hood ('sup, cuz? Wassup? nah, nah, nah, fuck that, nah)
Ain't nothin but a Compton thang
Chyea (we got five on it)
How we do
Fresh outta school 'cause I was a high school grad
Sleeping in the living room of my momma's pad
Reality struck I seen the white car crash
Hit the light pole two nigga's hopped out on foot and dashed (watch out cuz)
My Pops said I needed a job I thought I believed him
Security guard for a month and ended up leaving
In fact I got fired 'cause I was inspired by all of my friends
To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in
Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up (wassup?)
Cocaine laced in marijuana
And they wonder why I rarely smoke now
Imagine if your first blunt had you foaming at the mouth
I was straight tweaking the next weekend we broke even
I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleeding
You know the reasons but still won't ever know my life
Kendrick AKA Compton's human sacrifice (yeah)
Cocaine, weed
Nigga's been mixing shit since the 80's, loc
Sherm sticks, butt-nakeds, dip
Make a nigga flip
Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit
One time's crooked and shit
Block a nigga in
Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis, it's Compton
I'm still in the hood
Loc yeah that's cool (chyea)
The hood took me under so I follow the rules
But yeah that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang
And niggas that rep colors is doing the same thing
Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me
A couple drive-bys in the hood lately (chyea)
Couple of IV's with the fucking spray-can
Shots in the crowd then everybody ran
Crew I'm finna slay, the street life I crave
Shots hit the enemy, harsh turn brave
Mount up regulators in the whip
Down the boulevard with the pistol grip (chyea)
Trip, we in the hood still
So loc, grab a strap 'cause chyeah, it's so real (chyea)
Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand
And a bird and ten grand's where motherfuckers stand
If I told you I killed a nigga at sixteen, would you believe me?
Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street
With a basketball and some Now & Laters to eat
If I mentioned all of my skeletons, would you jump in the seat?
Would you say my intelligence now is great relief?
And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep
With dreams of being a lawyer or doctor
Instead of boy with a chopper that hold the cul de sac hostage
Kill 'em all if they gossip, the Children of the Corn
They vandalizing the option of living a lie, drown their body with toxins
Constantly drinking and drive, hit the powder then watch this flame
That arrive in his eye, listen coward, the concept
is aim and then bang it and slide out that bitch with deposit
A price on his head, the tithes probably go to the projects, I
live inside the belly of the rough
Compton, U.S.A. made me an angel on angel dust, what? (Compton)
M.A.A.d city
Compton
Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn
You ain't the one that got fucked up
What you holdin' it for?
Niggas always actin' unsensitive and shit
Nigga, that ain't no word
Nigga, shut up
Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga?
Don't even trip
Just lay back and drink that

	Swimming Pools (Drank)

K-Dot, you good, blood?
Now we can drop, ye we can drop you back off
That nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain't trippin'
We gon' do the same ol' shit
I'ma pop a few shots, they gon' run, they gon' run opposite ways
Fall right in -'s lap
And he gon' tear they ass up, simple as that
And I hope that bitch that set him up out there
We gon' pop that bitch too
Wait hold up, ayy, I see someone
Aha, got them niggas, K-Dot, you good?
L-, you good?
Yeah, blood, I'm good, Dave, you good?
Dave? Dave, say somethin', Dave?
These bitch ass niggas killed my brother

	Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst

When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you
In case I'm not here tomorrow, I'm hoping that I can borrow
A peace of mind, I'm behind on what's really important
My mind is really distorted, I find nothing but trouble in my life
I'm fortunate you believe in a dream
This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine
And last night was just another distraction or a reaction
Of what we consider madness, I know exactly what happened
You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help
Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel
Like everything was alright and a fight he tried to put up
But the type of bullet that stuck had went against his will
As blood spilled on your hands, my plans rather vindictive
Everybody's a victim in my eyes
When I ride, it's a murderous rhythm and outside became pitch black
A demon glued to my back whispering, "Get 'em"
I got 'em, and I ain't give a fuck
That same mentality that told my brother not to duck
In actuality, it's a trip how we trip off of colors
I wonder if I'll ever discover a passion like you and recover
The life that I knew as a young'n in pajamas and dun-ta-duns
When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs
Dumb niggas like me never prosper
Prognosis of a problem child, I'm proud and well devoted
This piru shit been in me forever
So forever I'mma push it, wherever, whenever
And I love you 'cause you love my brother like you did
Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big
And if I die before your album drop, I hope (gunshots)
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
You wrote a song about my sister on your tape
And called it Section.80, the message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby"
What's crazy was, I was hearing about it
But doubted your ignorance how could you ever just put her on blast and shit
Judging her past and shit, well, it's completely my future
Her nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit
And I'mma need that forty dollars even if I gotta
Fuck, suck and swallow in the parking lot
Gonzales Park, I'm followed by a married man, a father of three
My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinkling keys
Matter of fact, he my favorite 'cause he tip me with E's
He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week
This is the life of another girl damaged by the system
These foster homes, I run away and never do miss 'em
See, my hormones just run away and if I can get 'em back
To where they used to be then I'll probably be in the denim
Of a family gene that show women how to be woman
Or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin'
Then you probably need to beat her, that's how I was taught
Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed
And I'm exhausted, but fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit
My sister died in vain, but what point are you trying to gain
If you can't fit the pumps I walk in? I'll wait
Your rebuttal a little too late
And if you have a album date, just make sure I'm not in the song
'Cause I don't need the attention bring enough of that on my own
And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great?
A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I'm straight
I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away
I'll never fade away, I'll never fade away, I know my fate
And I'm on the grind for this cake, I'mma get it or die trying
I'm eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying
You lying to these motherfuckers, talking about you can help 'em
With my story, you can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga
Don't ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga...
When the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself:
Am I really scared of passing away? If it's today, I hope I hear a
Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon
With the holy ghost 'til it drown in the blood of Jesus
I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline
Reeking the scent of a reaper, ensuring that my allegiance
With the other side may come soon, and if I'm doomed
May the womb help my mother be blessed for many moons
I suffer a lot, and every day the glass mirror
Get tougher to watch; I tie my stomach in knots
And I'm not sure why I'm infatuated with death
My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats
That can come about, 'cause the tongue is mighty powerful
And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch
Maybe 'cause I'm a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death
Really stuck in the schema of wondering when I'mma rest
And you're right, your brother was a brother to me
And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me
In a direction to speak of something that's realer than the TV screen
By any means, wasn't trying to offend or come between
Her personal life, I was like, "It need to be told"
Cursing the life of twenty generations after her soul
Exactly what'd happen if I ain't continued rappin'
Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four-
Fives, I count lives all on these songs
Look at the weak and cry, pray one day, you'll be strong
Fighting for your rights even when you're wrong
And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone
Am I worth it?
Did I put enough work in?
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
I said when the lights shut off
And it's my turn to settle down
My main concern
Promise that you will sing about me
Promise that you will sing about me
(Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh)
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh
Promise that you'll sing about me forever
Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh
"Nigga, the homie's brother-- nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!"
"Nigga-- they just killed the homie's brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga."
"Al- alright, nigga-- nigga just come-- alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back."
(Hangs up)
"Arghh... *fuck!*
...So what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon' do?"
"Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like... nigga, I don't give a FUCK, my nigga. We can go back right now.*"
"Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"
Tired of running, tired of hunting
My own kind but retiring nothing
Tires are steady screeching, the driver is rubbing
Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
Dope on the corner, look at the coroner
Daughter is dead, mother is mournin' her
Strayed bullets, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waiting patiently but they couldn't
Bring her back, who got the footage?
Channel 9, cameras is looking
It's hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked
Banana clip, split his banana pudding
I'm like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding
I know I'm good at
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
How many sins? I'm running out
How many sins? I lost count
Dreams of balling like Spalding
But only shotty bounce
The reaper calling, I'm cottonmouth
Money is power (money is power)
Yours is ours (yours is ours)
Lay with a snitch, die with a coward
Hope we get rich, hope we can tower
Over the city with vanity with the music louder
The same song, a black flower
I'll show you how to dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst
What are we doing? Who are we fooling?
Hell is hot, fire is proven
To burn for eternity, return of the student
That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Tired of running, choirs is hummin'
Tell us to visit, we lying 'bout comin'
Now back to business, loading the guns in
Back of the Buick, your hood is feuding, and the beef is bubblin'
It's no discussion
Hereditary, all of my cousins
Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst
Too many sins, I'm running out
Somebody send me a well for the drought
See, all I know, is taking notes
On taking this life for granted, granted, if he provoke
My best days, are stress days
(Lord, forgive me for all my sins for I not know...)
My best days, are stress days
Say "Fuck the world, " my sex slave
Money, pussy and greed; what's my next crave
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Tired of running, tired of running
Tired of tumbling, tired of running
Tired of tumbling
Back once my momma say
"See a pastor, give me a promise
What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished
The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest
You dying of thirst, you dying of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"
Fuck! I'm tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin', I'm tired of this shit! That's my brother, homie!
("Young man, come talk to me! Is that what I think that is?)
I know that's not what I think that is
Why are you so angry? See you young men are dying of thirst
Do you know what that means? That means you need water, holy water
You need to be baptized, with the spirit of The Lord
Do you want to receive God as your personal savior?
Okay, repeat after me
Lord God, I come to you a sinner
(Lord God, I come to you a sinner)
And I humbly repent for my sins"
(And I humbly repent for my sins)
I believe that Jesus is Lord
(I believe that Jesus is Lord)
I believe you raised him from the dead
(I believe you raised him from the dead)
I would ask that Jesus come into my life
(I would ask that Jesus come in my life)
And to be my Lord and Savior
And to be my Lord and Savior)
I receive Jesus to take control of my life"
(I receive Jesus to take control of my life)
And that I may live with him from this day forward
(And that I may live with him from this day forward)
Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood
(Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood)
In Jesus name, amen
(In Jesus name, amen)
Alright now, remember this day: the start of a new life
Your REAL life.

	Real

I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie even if they tell
Sweet lullabies that come with a smell
Of a dozen roses flippin' down the green hill
You living in a world that come with plan B
'Cause plan A never relay a guarantee
And plan C never could say just what it was
And your plans only can pan around love
You love him, you love them, you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love red bottom and gold that say "Queen"
You love handbag on the waist of your jean
You love French tip and trip that pay for
You love bank slip that tell you we paid more
You love a good hand whenever the card dealt
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)
I promise that I know you very well
Your eyes never lie, even if they fell
Out the sky and your optics turn stale
Where they mold that's green, I can see you fit the bill
Of living in a world that come with plan B
'Cause plan A only can make another mistake
And you can't see success coming from plan C
When it all breaks, you'll still say you're lovely
And love them and love when you love her
You love so much, you love when love hurts
You love fast cars and dead presidents old
You love fast women, you love keepin' control
Of everything that you love, you love beef
You love streets, you love running, ducking police
You love your hood, might even love it to death
But what love got to do with it when you don't love yourself?
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)
The reason why I know you very well
'Cause we have the same eyes, can't you tell?
The days I tried to cover up and conceal
My pride, it only made it harder for me to deal
When living in a world that come with plan B
A scapegoat cause plan A don't come free
And plan C just an excuse like "because"
Or the word "but, " but what if I got love?
I love them, I love when I love her
I love so much, I love when love hurts
I love first verse 'cause you're the girl I attract
I love second verse 'cause you're the homie that pack
Burner like a stove top, that love cooking from scratch
I love what the both of you have to offer
In fact, I love it so much, I don't love anything else
But what love got to do with it when I don't love myself
To the point I should hate everything I do love?
Should I hate living my life inside the club?
Should I hate her for watching me for that reason?
Should I hate him for telling me that I'm seizin'?
Should I hate them for telling me "ball out"?
Should I hate street credibility I'm talkin' about
Hating all money, power, respect in my will
Or hating the fact none of that shit make me real?
"Kenny, I ain't trippin' off them dominoes anymore
Just calling, sorry to hear what happened to your homeboy
But don't learn the hard way like I did, homie
Any nigga can kill a man, that don't make you a real nigga
Real is responsibility
Real is taking care of your motherfucking family
Real is God, nigga"
I do what I wanna do
I say what I wanna say, when I feel, and I
Look in the mirror and know I'm there
With my hands in the air, I'm proud to say yeah
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real, I'm really, really, real
I'm real, I'm real ('cause before you know it, everything's gone)
"Alright, that's all I wanted to tell you
Just make sure you call us back when you get this message
Here go your mom"
"Boy, you better have my car on full all this time
You done had my damn car, but look, I ain't trippin'
Look, the neighbors say they seen you and your little friends over there by Food for Less
And they was preaching to you over there telling you about the good book
Because right about now that's what y'all need
Oh, and Top Dawg called the house too
I guess they want you and Dave to come to the studio
But look, you take that music business serious
And put out something me and your dad can step to
Shit, you know we from Chicago, you know that's what we do"
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
Sing my song, it's all for you
"If I don't hear from you by tomorrow
I hope you come back and learn from your mistakes
Come back a man, tell your story to these black and brown kids in Compton
Let 'em know you was just like them, but you still rose from that dark place of violence
Becoming a positive person
But when you do make it, give back with your words of encouragement
And that's the best way to give back to your city
And I love you Kendrick, if I don't hear you knocking on the door
You know where I usually leave the key, alright?
Talk to you later, bye"

	Compton 

Now everybody serenade the new faith of Kendrick Lamar
This is King Kendrick Lamar
King Kendrick and I meant it, my point intended is raw
Fix your lenses forensics would've told you Kendrick had killed it
Pretend it's a massacre and the masses upon us
And I mastered being the master at dodging your honor
And the chapter that read at 25 I would live dormant like five in the morning
They raid your spot while Kendrick's performing
And if they take everything, know I got
Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine
Ay, Dre what's happening wit' it my nigga?
Still I'm at it, peel the plastic off it, you can feel the magic
Still I'm laughing at the critics talking, I can see 'em gagging
When I'm back in the back of my city, back in the 'bach
With a batch of them banging Dre Beats with me, look where I'm at
It's the murder cap' and I'm captain at birthing this gangsta rap
It's a wrap when I'm done and I come a long way from a hundred dollars a month
To a hundred mil' in a day, bitch, I'm from
Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine
So come and visit the tire screeching, ambulance, policeman
Won't you spend a weekend on Rosecrans, nigga?
Khaki creasing, crime increasing on Rosecrans, nigga
Kendrick Conan, nigga
Where you sword at? Hand on the cross and swore that
I do it big as Rasputia for them shooters
Kama Sutra, scream, "Fuck your position" and make you hold that
I'm trying to stay grounded like four flats
But I know flats and Piru Crip tats
Will swarm on me like a beehive
Hop in the G ride
From the West to the East side
Know that's just how Compton roll
And that's a given
I pass the blunt then pass the torch of course that's my decision
I crash the Porsche then you report that you see me in Benzes
I must report that we import the narcotics you bought it
Then talked about it when crack hit the speakers, the music business
I blow up every time we throw up a record
Depending on what you expecting, I'm sure it's bigger than your religion
Perfected by niggas that manifested music to live in
Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine
So tell that gangster throw his set high
Roll it up in a blunt, I'ma take you on the next high
I did exactly what I wanted that's what made them checks fly
In my direction, you never questioned when I said I
Would be a mogul before I visit 2Pac and Left-Eye
Eazy and Aaliyah when I see you we gon' test drive
A Lambo' in heaven but for now I'm on the redeye
Flying back to my city 'cause I'll forever standby
Compton, Compton, ain't no city quite like mine
Now we can all celebrate
We can all harvest the rap artists of N.W.A
America target our rap market, as controversy and hate
Harsh realities we in made our music translate
To the coke dealers, the hood rich and the broke niggas that play
With them gorillas that know killers that know where you stay
Roll that kush, crack that case, ten bottles of rosé
This was brought to you by Dre
Now every motherfucker in here say, "Look who's responsible
For taking Compton international, I make 'em holla"
Ayo, Just Blaze, good looking homie
Just Blaze
Ain't no city quite like mine, yeah
In the city of Compton
Ain't no city quite like mine
Mom, I finna use the van real quick
Be back, 15 minutes

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000

NEW KUNG FU KENNY

			DAMN. 


		        BLOOD.  
Is it wickedness?
Is it weakness?
You decide
Are we gonna live or die?
So I was takin' a walk the other day
And I seen a woman, a blind woman
Pacin' up and down the sidewalk
She seemed to be a bit frustrated
As if she had dropped somethin' and
Havin' a hard time findin' it
So after watchin' her struggle for a while
I decide to go over and lend a helping hand, you know?
"Hello, ma'am, can I be of any assistance?
It seems to me that you have lost something
I would like to help you find it"
She replied
"Oh yes, you have lost something, you've lost your life"
Is it wickedness?
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views
Uh, Lamar stated his views on police brutality with that line in the song
Quote "and we hate the popo, wanna kill us in the street fo' sho'"
Oh please, ugh, I don't like it

	DNA. 

I got, I got, I got, I got
Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA
Quarter piece, got war, and peace (like David and Carey) inside my DNA
I got power, poison, pain, and joy inside my DNA
I got hustle, though, ambition flow inside my DNA
I was born like this
Since one like this, immaculate conception
I transform like this, perform like this
Was Yeshua new weapon
I don't contemplate, I meditate
Then off your-, off your head
This that put-the-kids-to-bed
This that I got, I got, I got, I got
Realness, I just kill sh- 'cause it's in my DNA
I got millions, I got riches buildin' in my DNA
I got dark, I got evil that rot inside my DNA
I got off, I got troublesome heart inside my DNA
I just win again, then, win again like Wimbledon I serve
Yeah, that's him again, the sound that engine in is like a bird
You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard
I know how you work, I know just who you are
See, you's a, you's a, you's a
B-, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA
Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA
Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA
Backbone don't exist, born outside a jellyfish, I gauge
See, my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front
Sh- I've been through prolly offend you
This is Paula's oldest son
I know murder, conviction, burners, boosters
Burglars, ballers, dead, redemption
Scholars, fathers dead with kids, and
I wish I was fed forgiveness
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier's DNA (I'ma soldier DNA)
Born inside the beast
My expertise checked out in second grade
When I was nine, on cell, motel
We didn't have nowhere to stay
At 29, I've done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate
And I'm gon' shine like I'm supposed to antisocial, extrovert
And excellent mean the extra work
And absentness what the fuck you heard
And pessimists never struck my nerve
And Nazareth gonna plead this case
The reason my power's here on earth
Salute the truth, when the prophet say
I-I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA (this is why I say that hip hop)
(Has done more damage to young African Americans) (I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA)
I live a better life, I'm rollin' several dice, f- your life
(Than racism in recent years) (I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA)
(I live a be-, - your life)
This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin' (five, four, three, two, one)
Money and power, the Mecca of marriages
Tell me somethin' (give me some ganja)
You motherfuckers can't tell me nothin'
I'd rather die than to listen to you
My DNA not for imitation, your DNA, an abomination
This how it is when you're in the Matrix
Dodgin' bullets, reapin' what you sow
And stackin' up the footage, livin' on the go, and sleepin' in a villa
Sippin' from a Grammy and walkin' in the buildin'
Diamond in the ceilin', marble on the floors
Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window
Baby in the pool, godfather goals
Only Lord knows I've been goin' hammer
Dodgin' paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras
Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin' sandals
Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana
Watchin' all the snakes, curvin' all the fakes
Phone never on, I don't conversate
I don't compromise, I just penetrate
Sex, money, murder, these are the breaks
These are the times, level number nine
Look up in the sky, .10 is on the way
Sentence on the way, killings on the way
Motherf-ker, I got winners on the way
You ain't sh- without a body on your belt
You ain't sh- without a ticket on your plate
You ain't sick enough to pull it on yourself
You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate
Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate
Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith?
Peace to the world, let it rotate
Sex, money, murder, our DNA

	YAH. 

New shit, new Kung Fu Kenny
I got so many theories and suspicions
I'm diagnosed with real nigga conditions
Today is the day I follow my intuition
Keep the family close, get money, fuck bitches
I double-parked the Aston in the red
My momma told me that I'ma work myself to death
My girl told me don't let these hoes get in my head
My world been ecstatic, I checked the signal that read
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Interviews wanna know my thoughts and opinions
Fox News wanna use my name for percentage
My latest muse is my niece, she worth livin'
See me on the TV and scream: "That's Uncle Kendrick!"
Yeah, that's the business (Uno)
Somebody tell Geraldo this nigga got some ambition
I'm not a politician, I'm not 'bout a religion
I'm a Israelite, don't call me black no mo'
That word is only a color, it ain't facts no mo'
My cousin called, my cousin Carl Duckworth
Said know my worth
And Deuteronomy say that we all been cursed
I know He walks the Earth
But it's money to get, bitches to hit, yah
Zeroes to flip, temptation is, yah
First on my list, I can't resist, yah
Everyone together now, know that we forever
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah
Buzzin', radars is buzzin'
Yah, yah, yah, yah
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, yah

	ELEMENT. 

New Kung Fu Kenny
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Y'all know, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
Here we go!
I don't give a f-, I don't give a f-
I don't give a, I don't give a, I don't give a f-
I'm willin' to die for it
I done cried for it, might take a life for it
Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for it
D.O.T. my enemy, won't catch a vibe for it, ayy
I been stomped out in front of my momma
My daddy commissary made it to commas
Tell 'em, all my grandmas dead
So ain't nobody prayin' for me, I'm on your head, ayy
Thirty millions later, know the feds watchin'
Auntie on my Telegram like, "Be cautious!"
I be hangin' out at Tam's, I be on Stockton
I don't do it for the 'Gram, I do it for Compton
I'm willin' to die for it
I'll take your life for it
We ain't goin' back to broke, family on the ropes
So all you maney rappers better know
If I gotta check a fake one, I'ma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a b-, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element
I been allergic to buildin' wit' ya
I been allergic to dealin' wit' ya
I've been allergic if it ain't about a million wit' ya
Goin' digital and physical on all y'all, ayy
Bunch of criminals and money in my phone calls, ayy
We okay, we let the A1 fly
Relocate, jump on the same G5
Checkin' for me heavy 'cause I go, yeah, I go, yeah
They never been ready, yeah, I know, yeah, know, yeah
100K spread across the floor, 'cross the floor, yeah
None of y'all f- with the flow yeah, the flow yeah
Years in the makin', and don't y'all mistake it
I got 'em by a landslide, we talkin' about races
You know this'll never be a tie, just look at their laces
You know careers take off, just gotta be patient
Mr. One through Five, that's the only logic
Fake my death, go to Cuba, that's the only option
If I gotta check a fake one, I'ma make it look sexy
If I gotta go hard on a b-, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element
Damned if I do, if I don't (yuh)
Goddamn us all if you won't (yuh)
Damn, damn, damn, it's a goddamn shame
You ain't front line, get out the goddamn way
Oh, they thought they wasn't gonna see me, huh?
Oh, they thought that K-Dot real life was the same life they see on TV, huh?
Oh, y'all wanna flex on me and be in L.A. for free, huh?
Next time they hit the 10 freeway, we need a receipt, huh?
'Cause most of y'all ain't real
Most of y'all gon' squeal
Most of y'all just envy, but jealousy get you killed
Most of y'all throw rocks and try to hide your hand
Just say his name and I promise that you'll see Candyman
Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies
Most of y'all don't fade, most of y'all been advised
Last LP I tried to lift the black artists
But it's a difference between black artists and wack artists
If I gotta slap a p-, I'ma make it look sexy
It's the one and only, the world's greatest, the Kid Capri
If I gotta go hard on a b-, I'ma make it look sexy
I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy
They won't take me out my element
Nah, take me out my element

	FEEL. 

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
I feel like a chip on my shoulders
I feel like I'm losin' my focus
I feel like I'm losin' my patience
I feel like my thoughts in the basement
Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated
Feel like I don't wanna be bothered
I feel like you may be the problem
I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world
The world is endin', I'm done pretendin'
And fuck you if you get offended
I feel like friends been overrated
I feel like the family been fakin'
I feel like the feelings are changin'
Feel like my daughter compromised and jaded
Feel like you wanna scrutinize how I made it
Feel like I ain't feelin' you all
Feel like removin' myself, no feelings involved
I feel for you, I've been in the field for you
It's real for you, right? Shit, I feel like
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin'
I feel niggas been out of pocket
I feel niggas tappin' they pockets
I feel like debated on who the greatest can stop it
I am legend, I feel like all of y'all is peasants
I feel like all of y'all is desperate
I feel like all it take is a second to feel like
Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic
I ain't feelin' your presence
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson
Feel like only me and the music, though
I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual
I feel like the enemy you should know
Feel like the feelin' of no hope
The feelin' of bad dope
A quarter ounce manipulated from soap
The feelin', the feelin' of false freedom
I'll force-feed 'em the poison that fill 'em up in the prison
I feel like it's just me
Look, I feel like I can't breathe
Look, I feel like I can't sleep
Look, I feel heartless, often off this
Feelin' of fallin', of fallin' apart with
Darkest hours, lost it
Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin'
Streets is talkin', fill in the blanks with coffins
Fill up the banks with dollars
Fill up the graves with fathers
Fill up the babies with bullshit
Internet blogs and pulpit, fill 'em with gossip
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' what 'Pac was
The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin'
But nothin' is awkward, the feelin' won't prosper
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons
Monsters, false prophets schemin'
Sponsors, industry promises
Niggas, bitches, honkies, crackers, Compton
Church, religion, token blacks, and bondage
Lawsuit visits, subpoena served in concert
Fuck your feelings, I mean this for imposters
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us
I can feel it, the dream is more than process
I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness
I can feel it, the scream that haunts our logic
I feel like say somethin', I feel like take somethin'
I feel like skatin' off, I feel like waitin' for 'em
Maybe it's too late for 'em
I feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em
But who the fuck prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Who prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin'

	LOYALTY

Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
I feel like a chip on my shoulders
I feel like I'm losin' my focus
I feel like I'm losin' my patience
I feel like my thoughts in the basement
Feel like, I feel like you're miseducated
Feel like I don't wanna be bothered
I feel like you may be the problem
I feel like it ain't no tomorrow, fuck the world
The world is endin', I'm done pretendin'
And fuck you if you get offended
I feel like friends been overrated
I feel like the family been fakin'
I feel like the feelings are changin'
Feel like my daughter compromised and jaded
Feel like you wanna scrutinize how I made it
Feel like I ain't feelin' you all
Feel like removin' myself, no feelings involved
I feel for you, I've been in the field for you
It's real for you, right? Shit, I feel like
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Ain't nobody prayin'
I feel niggas been out of pocket
I feel niggas tappin' they pockets
I feel like debated on who the greatest can stop it
I am legend, I feel like all of y'all is peasants
I feel like all of y'all is desperate
I feel like all it take is a second to feel like
Mike Jordan whenever holdin' a real mic
I ain't feelin' your presence
Feel like I'ma learn you a lesson
Feel like only me and the music, though
I feel like your feelin' ain't mutual
I feel like the enemy you should know
Feel like the feelin' of no hope
The feelin' of bad dope
A quarter ounce manipulated from soap
The feelin', the feelin' of false freedom
I'll force-feed 'em the poison that fill 'em up in the prison
I feel like it's just me
Look, I feel like I can't breathe
Look, I feel like I can't sleep
Look, I feel heartless, often off this
Feelin' of fallin', of fallin' apart with
Darkest hours, lost it
Fillin' the void of bein' employed with ballin'
Streets is talkin', fill in the blanks with coffins
Fill up the banks with dollars
Fill up the graves with fathers
Fill up the babies with bullshit
Internet blogs and pulpit, fill 'em with gossip
I feel like this gotta be the feelin' what 'Pac was
The feelin' of an apocalypse happenin'
But nothin' is awkward, the feelin' won't prosper
The feelin' is toxic, I feel like I'm boxin' demons
Monsters, false prophets schemin'
Sponsors, industry promises
Niggas, bitches, honkies, crackers, Compton
Church, religion, token blacks, and bondage
Lawsuit visits, subpoena served in concert
Fuck your feelings, I mean this for imposters
I can feel it, the phoenix sure to watch us
I can feel it, the dream is more than process
I can put a regime that forms a Loch Ness
I can feel it, the scream that haunts our logic
I feel like say somethin', I feel like take somethin'
I feel like skatin' off, I feel like waitin' for 'em
Maybe it's too late for 'em
I feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em
But who the fuck prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin' for me
Who prayin' for me?
Ain't nobody prayin'

	PRIDE 

Love's gonna get you killed
But pride's gonna be the death of you, and you and me
And you, and you, and you and me
And you, and you, and you and me
And you, and you, and-
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care
Hell-raising, wheel-chasing, new worldly possessions
Flesh-making, spirit-breaking, which one would you lessen?
The better part, the human heart, you love 'em or dissect 'em
Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question?
See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world
I don't trust people enough beyond their surface, world
I don't love people enough to put my faith in man
I put my faith in these lyrics, hoping I make a band
I understand I ain't perfect, I probably won't come around
This time, I might put you down
Last time, I ain't give a f-, I still feel the same now
My feelings might go numb
You're dealing with cold thumb
I'm willing to give up a leg and arm to show empathy from
Pity parties and functions of you and yours
A perfect world, you probably live another 24
I can't fake humble just 'cause your a- is insecure
I can't fake humble just 'cause your a- is insecure
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care
Maybe I wasn't there (we saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there
Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive
Cold as December, but never remember what winter did
I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid
Seems like I point the finger just to make a point, nowadays
Smiles and cold stares, the temperature goes there
Indigenous disposition, feel like we belong here
I know the walls, they can listen, I wish they could talk back
The hurt becomes repetition, the love almost lost that
Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride
A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies
Promises are broken and more resentment come alive
Race barriers make inferior of you and I
See, in a perfect world, I'll choose faith over riches
I'll choose work over b-, I'll make schools out of prison
I'll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service
Just to tell 'em we ain't sh-, but He's been perfect, world
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
In another life, I surely was there
Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care
I care, I care
Maybe I wasn't there (we saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there (I saw you first)
Maybe I wasn't there

	HUMBLE. 

Nobody pray for me
It been that day for me
Way
Yeah, yeah!
Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances
Finesse on 'em with some counterfeits, but now I'm countin' this
Parmesan where my accountant lives, in fact, I'm downin' this
D'USSÉ with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts
Girl, I can buy yo' ass the world with my paystub
I know that it's good, won't you sit it on my taste bluds?
I get way too petty once you let me do the extras
Pull up on your block, then break it down, we playin' Tetris
A.m. to the p.m., p.m. to the a.m., funk
Eat up your per diem, you just gotta hate 'em, funk
If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk
If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk
My left stroke just went viral
Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral
Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note
It's levels to it, you and I know
Tell 'em, be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil')
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up, lil')
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil')
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil', hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Who dat -a thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? (Man-Man)
Get the f- off my stage, I'm the Sandman (Sandman)
Get the f- off my (ayy), that ain't right
I make a play blowing up your whole life
I'm so, so sick and tired of the Photoshop
Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor
Show me somethin' natural, I wanna feel some stretch marks
Still I take you down right on your mama couch in Polo socks
Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy
I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy
I don't fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy
I stay modest 'bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy
This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy
Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy
If I kill a, uhm, it won't be the alcohol, ayy
I'm the realest, uhm, after all
Tell 'em, be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil')
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil')
Tell 'em sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' hol' up, lil')
Be humble (hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil')
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil' hol' up)
Be humble (hol' up, hol' up)
Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, hol' up)

	LUST. 

I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too hot to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush, my favorite vein
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the - in
Ooh, I don't want more than that
Girl, I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the - in, if it's okay
She said, "It's okay"
Yeah, I need everybody's motherfuckin' hands up right now
I need everybody's motherf-
Door and his Nike Air Rattles
Rush the fire exit, no time for battles
Well I, I never expected
This that new, new -
Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy, take a -, then, roll some - up
Go hit you a lick, go f- on a -
Don't go to work today, cop you a fit
Or maybe some kicks and make you
Door and his Nike Air Rattles
Rush the fire exit, no time for battles
Well I, I never expected
Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy (hol' up!)
Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up
Watch you a comedy, take a -, then, roll some - up
Go hit you a lick, go f- on a -, don't go to work today
Cop you a fit or maybe some kicks and make it work today
Hang with your homies, stunt on your baby mama
Sip some -, go get a pistol, shoot out the window
Bet, your favorite team, play you some madden
Go to the club or your mama house
Whatever you're doin', just make it count (I need some water)
Wake up in the mornin', thinkin' 'bout money, kick your feet up
Hop in the shower, put on your makeup, lace your weave up
Touch on yourself, call up your -, tell him he ain't -
Credit card scam, get you a visa, make it pay your rent
Hop on the 'gram, flex on the - that be hatin' on you
Pop you a -, call up your -, have 'em waitin' on you
Go to the club, have you some fun, make that - bounce
It's whatever, just make it count
I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too hot to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush, my favorite-
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the - in
Ooh, I don't want more than that
Girl, I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the - in, if it's okay
She said, "It's okay"
I wake in the mornin', my head spinnin' from the last night
Both in the trance, feelings are dead, what a fast life
Manager called, the lobby called, it's 11:30
Did this before, promised myself I'd be a hour early
Room full of clothes, bag full of money, call it loose change
Fumbled my jewelry, a 100k, I lost a new chain
Hop on the bird, hit the next city for another M
Take me a nap and do it again
We all woke up, tryna tune to the daily news
Lookin' for confirmation, hopin' election wasn't true
All of us worried, all of us buried, and our feelings deep
None of us married to his proposal, make us feel cheap
Still and sad, distraught and mad, tell the neighbor 'bout it
Bet, they agree, parade the streets with your voice proudly
Time passin', things change
Revertin' back to our daily programs, stuck in our ways
Lust!
Lately, I feel like I been lustin' over the fame
Lately, we lust on the same routine of shame
Lately, lately, lately, my lust been heightened
(Lately) lately, it's all contradiction
Lately, I'm not here
Lately, I lust over self
Lust turn into fear
Lately, in James four, four says
"Friend of the world is enemy of the Lord"
Brace yourself, lust is all yours
I need some water
Somethin' came over me
Way too high to simmer down
Might as well overheat
Too close to comfort
As blood rush, my favorite vein
Heartbeat racin' like a junkie's
I just need you to want me
Am I askin' too much?
Let me put the - in
Ooh, I don't want more than that
Girl, I respect the cat
I promise just a touch
Let me put the - in, if it's okay
She said, "It's okay"

	LOVE. 

Damn
Love or lust
Damn
All of us
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
(Another world premiere)
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely
Livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me)
I wanna be with (just love me, just love)
I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with
I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)?
If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)?
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to (love me)
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you I got nothin', ayy
I got somethin' (I got somethin'), ayy
Hol' up, we gon' function (we gon' function), ayy
No assumptions (no assumptions), ayy
Feelin' like Tyson wit' it (feelin' like Tyson wit' it)
Knock it out twice, I'm wit' it (knock it out twice, I'm wit' it)
Only for the night, I'm kiddin' (only for the night, I'm kiddin')
Only for life, yeah
Only for life, yeah, only for life, let's get it
Hit that shoulder lean
I know what comin' over me
Backstroke oversea
I know what you need
Already on ten, all money come in
All feelin' go out, this feelin' don't drought
This party won't end (love me, love me)
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)?
If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)?
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to (love me)
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you I got nothin' (oh, oh)
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely
Livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me)
I wanna be with (just love me, just love)
I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with
I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)
I'm on the way
We ain't got no time to waste
Poppin' your gum on the way (love me)
Am I in the way?
I don't want pressure you none
I want your blessin' today (love me)
Oh, by the way, open the door by the way
Told you that I'm on the way (love me)
I'm on the way, I know connection is vague
Pick up the phone for me, babe (love me)
Dammit, we jammin'
Bad attitude from your nanny
Curves and your hips from yo' mammy
Remember Gardena? I took the studio camera
I know Top will be mad at me
I had to do it, I want your body, your music
I bought the big one to prove it
Look what you made
Told you that I'm on the way
I'm like an exit away, yep
If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)?
If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)?
Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to (love me)
Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you I got nothin' (oh, oh)
Give me a run for my money
There is nobody, no one to outrun me
So give me a run for my money
Sippin' bubbly, feelin' lovely
Livin' lovely
Just love me
I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me)
I wanna be with (just love me, just love)
I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with
I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)

	XXX.

America, God bless you if it's good to you
America please take my hand
Can you help me underst-
New Kung Fu Kenny
Throw a steak off the yacht
To a pool full of sharks, he'll take it
Leave him in the wilderness
With a sworn nemesis, he'll make it
Take the gratitude from him
I bet he'll show you something, woah
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothin'
I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like bitch I did that x-rated
Johnny don't wanna go to school no more, no more
Johnny said books ain't cool no more (no more)
Johnny wanna be a rapper like his big cousin
Johnny caught a body yesterday out hustlin'
God bless America you know we all love him
Yesterday I got a call like from my dog like 101
Said they killed his only son because of insufficient funds
He was sobbin', he was mobbin', way belligerent and drunk
Talkin' out his head philosphin' on what the lord had done
He said, "K-Dot can you pray for me?
It's been a fucked up day for me
I know that you anointed, show me how to overcome"
He was lookin' for some closure
Hopin' I could bring him closer
To the spiritual, my spirit do no better, but I told him
"I can't sugar coat the answer for you
This is how I feel—if somebody kill my son
That mean somebody's gettin' killed"
Tell me what you do for love, loyalty, and passion of
All the memories collected, moments you could never touch
I wait in front a niggas spot and watch him hit his block
I'll catch a nigga leavin' service if that's all I got
I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch I did that"
Ain't no black power when your baby killed by a coward
I can't even keep the peace, don't you fuck with one of ours
It be murder in the street, it be bodies in the hour
Ghetto bird on the street, paramedics on the dial
Let somebody touch my momma
Touch my sister, touch my woman
Touch my daddy, touch my niece
Touch my nephew, touch my brother
You should chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap
Matter fact, I'm 'bout to speak at this convention
Call you back
Alright kids we're gonna talk about gun control
(Pray for me) Damn
It's not a place
This country is to be a sound of drum and bass
You close your eyes to look around
Hail Mary, Jesus and Joseph
The great American flag
Is wrapped and dragged with explosives
Compulsive disorder, sons and daughters
Barricaded blocks and borders
Look what you taught us
It's murder on my street, your street, back streets
Wall street, corporate offices, banks
Employees and bosses with homicidal thoughts
Donald Trump's in office, we lost Barack
And promised to never doubt him again
But is America honest or do we bask in sin?
Pass the gin, I mix it with American blood
Then bash him in, you crippin' or you married to blood?
I'll ask again—oops—accident
It's nasty when you set us up
Then roll the dice, then bet us up
You overnight the big rifles, then tell Fox to be scared of us
Gang members or terrorists, et cetera, et cetera
Americas reflections of me
That's what a mirror does
It's not a place
This country is to be a sound of drum and bass
You close your eyes to look ar—

	FEAR. 

Poverty's paradise
I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth
What's up family, yeah, this yo' cousin Carl, man, just givin' you a call, man
I know you been havin' a lot on yo' mind lately
And I know you feel like, you know, people ain't been prayin' for you
But you have to understand this, man, that we are a cursed people
Deuteronomy 28:28 says
"The Lord shall smite thee with madness, and blindness and astonishment of heart"
See, family, that's why you feel like you feel like you got a chip on your shoulder
Until you follow His commandments, you gonna feel that way
Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Pain in my heart carry burdens full of struggle
Why God, why God do I gotta bleed?
Every stone thrown at you restin' at my feet
Why God, why God do I gotta suffer?
Earth is no more, why don't you burn this muhf-?
(I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth)
I beat yo' ass, keep talkin' back
I beat yo' ass, who bought you that?
You stole it, I beat yo' ass if you say that game is broken
I beat yo' ass if you jump on my couch
I beat yo' ass if you walk in this house with tears in your eyes
Runnin' from Poo Poo and Prentice
Go back outside, I beat yo' ass, lil' -
That homework better be finished, I beat yo' ass
Yo' teachers better not be b- 'bout you in class
That pizza better not be wasted, you eat it all
That TV better not be loud if you got it on
Them Jordans better not get dirty when I just bought 'em
Better not hear 'bout you - on Keisha's daughter
Better not hear you got caught up, I beat yo' ass
You better not run to your father, I beat yo' ass
You know my patience runnin' thin
I got beaucoup payments to make
County building's on my ass, tryna take my food stamps away
I beat yo' ass if you tell them social workers he live here
I beat yo' ass if I beat yo' ass twice and you still here
Seven years old, think you run this house by yourself?
N-, you gon' fear me if you don't fear no one else
If I could smoke fear away, I roll that motherf- up
And then I'd take two puffs
Now (huh), now (huh)
Now (huh), now (huh)
Life's a b-, pull them - to the side now (pull them - to the side now)
(I don't think I could find a way to make it on this earth)
I'll prolly die anonymous, I'll prolly die with promises
I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house
I'll prolly die because these colors are standin' out
I'll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin'
I'll prolly die at these house parties -
I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me false accused
I'll prolly die from thinkin' that me and your hood was cool
Or maybe die from pressin' the line, actin' too extra
Or maybe die because these smokers are more than desperate
I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges
Body slammed on black and white paint, my bones snappin'
Or maybe die from panic or die from bein' too lax
Or die from waitin' on it, die 'cause I'm movin' too fast
I'll prolly die tryna buy - at the apartments
I'll prolly die tryna diffuse two homies arguin'
I'll prolly die 'cause that's what you do when you're 17
All worries in a hurry, I wish I controlled things
If I could smoke fear away, I'd roll that mothaf- up
And then I'd take two puffs
I've been hungry all my life
Now (huh), now (huh)
Now (huh), now (huh)
Life's a b-, pull them - to the side now (pull them - to the side now), now
When I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear
Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years
My newfound life made all of me magnified
How many accolades do I need to block denial?
The shock value of my success put bolts in me
All this money, is God playin' a joke on me?
Is it for the moment and will he see me as Job?
Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before?
At 27, my biggest fear was losin' it all
Scared to spend money, had me sleepin' from hall to hall
Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin'
30 shows a month and I still won't buy me no Lexus
What is an advisor somebody that's holdin' my checks?
Just to f- me over and put my finances in debt?
I read a case about Rihanna's accountant and wondered
How did the bad girl feel when she looked at them numbers?
The type of - make me flip out and just - somethin', drill somethin'
Get ill and fill ratchets with a lil' somethin'
I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck
At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein' judged
How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city
What they say 'bout me reveal if my reputation would miss me
What they see from me would trickle down generations in time
What they hear from me would make 'em highlight my simplest lines
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' creativity
I'm talkin' fear, fear of missin' out on you and me
I'm talkin' fear, fear of losin' loyalty from pride
'Cause my DNA won't let me involve in the light of God
I'm talkin' fear, fear that my humbleness is gone
I'm talkin' fear, fear that love ain't livin' here no more
I'm talkin' fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness
Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully they disperse
Within 14 tracks, carried out over wax
Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back
Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth
And I can't take these feelings with me, so hopefully they disperse
Within 14 tracks, carried out over wax
Wonderin' if I'm livin' through fear or livin' through rap
Damn
Goddamn you
Goddamn me
Goddamn us
Goddamn we
Goddamn us all
Therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities"
So until we come back to these commandments
Until you come back to these commandments
We're gonna be in this place, we're gonna be under this curse
Because He said He's gonna punish us
The so-called Blacks, Hispanics, and Native American Indians
Are the true children of Israel
We are the Israelites according to the Bible
The children of Israel, he's gonna punish us for our iniquities
For our disobedience because we chose to follow other gods
That man chastens his son, so the Lord, thy God, chasten thee
So just like you'll chasten your own son
He's gonna chasten you because He loves you
So that's why we get chastised, that's why we're in the position we're in
Until we come back to these laws, statutes and commandments
And do what the Lord said, these curses is gonna be upon us
We gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live, here, in today
In the United States of America
I love you, family, and I pray for you
God bless you, shalom

	GOD. 

This what God feel like, huh, he-yeah
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
Huh, he-yeah (a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)
Ever since a young man (since a young man)
All I wanna be was a gunman (was a gunman)
Shootin' up the charts, better run, man
Y'all gotta see that I won, man
Slick as El Debarge with the finger waves, work it, JT
Handle bars like a fade, watch me work it, JT
I'm at large, runnin' plays like a circuit, JT
I'm sellin' verses, JT, watch me work it, JT
Look, look, hol' up!
Don't judge me! My mama caught me with a strap
Don't judge me! I was young, fuckin' all the brats
Don't judge me! Aimin' at your head for a stack
Don't judge! Don't judge me now my home got a valley peak
Don't judge me! If I press your line you a freak
Don't judge me! Won't you tell a friend? Y'all gon' see
This what God feel like, huh, he-yeah
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!", huh, he-yeah
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
Huh, he-yeah (a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)
Fuck is you talkin' to?
Ayy, do you know who you talkin' to?
Slide on you like fallen drapes
God toss full of carnivals
I kill 'em with kindness
Or I kill 'em with diamonds
Or I put up like fifteen hundred
Get yo' ass killed by the finest
Everything in life is a gamble
Nothin' in life I can't handle
Seen it all, done it all, felt pain more
For the 'cause, I done put blood on sword
Everything I do is to embrace y'all
Everything I write is a damn eight-ball
Everything I touch is a damn gold mine
Everything I say is from an angel
I don't rush shit, fuck shit, always your shit, my shit
Cannonballs to ignite shit, morning to the night shift
I'm on, I ain't sorry for it
Asked for a piece of mind, you charged me for it
I wanna see sometimes if you ignore it
I'm in the streets sometimes and can't afford it
I got a bad habit, levitatin', duckin' haters
Oh my! My heart is rich, my heart is famous
This what God feel like
Huh, he-yeah (this what God feel like)
Laughin' to the bank like, "A-ha!"
(This what God feel like)
Huh, he-yeah (this what God feel like)
Flex on swole like, "A-ha!"
Huh, he-yeah (this what God feel like)
You feel some type of way, then a-ha!
(This what God feel like)
Huh, he-yeah (this what God feel like, a-ha-ha, a-ha-ha)
This what God feel like

	DUCKWORTH. (best song on the album, by the way)

It was always me versus the world
Until I found it's me versus me
Why, why, why, why?
Why, why, why, why?
Just remember, what happens on Earth stays on Earth!
We gon' put it in reverse
Darling, I told you many times
And I am telling you once again
Just to remind you, sweetheart
That my-
Oh, Lamar, Hail Mary and marijuana, times is hard
Pray with the hooligans, shadows all in the dark
Fellowship with demons and relatives, I'm a star
Life is one funny mo'fucker
A true comedian, you gotta love him, you gotta trust him
I might be buggin', infomercials and no sleep
Introverted by my thoughts; children, listen, it gets deep
See, once upon a time inside the Nickerson Garden projects
The object was to process and digest poverty's dialect
Adaptation inevitable, gun violence, crack spot
Federal policies raid buildings and drug professionals
Anthony was the oldest of seven
Well-respected, calm and collected
Laughin' and jokin' made life easier, hard times, Momma on crack
A four-year-old tellin' his nanny he needed her
His family history, pimpin' and bangin'
He was meant to be dangerous
Clocked him a grip and start slangin'
15, scrapin' up his jeans with quarter pieces
Even got some head from a smoker last weekend
Dodged a policeman, workin' for his big homie
Small-time hustler, graduated to a brick on him
10, 000 dollars out of a project housing, that's on the daily
Seen his first mill' 20 years old, had a couple of babies
Had a couple of shooters
Caught a murder case, fingerprints on the gun they assumin'
But witnesses couldn't prove it
That was back when he turned his back and they killed his cousin
He beat the case and went back to hustlin'
Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang
The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang
That 5.0 thing, they say 5-0 came
Circlin' parking lots and parking spots
And hoppin' out while harrassin' the corner blocks
Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it
He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken
See, at this chicken spot
There was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot
With a curly top and a gap in his teeth
He worked the window, his name was Ducky
He came from the streets, the Robert Taylor Homes
Southside Projects, Chiraq, the Terror Dome
Drove to California with a woman on him and 500 dollars
They had a son, hopin' that he'd see college
Hustlin' on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it
Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends
Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket
'Cross the street from the projects, Anthony planned to rob it
Stuck up the place before, back in '84
That's when affiliation was really eight gears of war
So many relatives tellin' us, sellin' us devilish works
Killin' us, crime, intelligent, felonious
Prevalent proposition with 9's
Ducky was well-aware
They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year
He figured he'd get on these niggas' good sides
Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line
Two extra biscuits, Anthony liked him and then let him slide
They didn't kill him, in fact, it look like they're the last to survive
Pay attention, that one decision changed both of they lives
One curse at a time
Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why
You take two strangers and put 'em in random predicaments
Give 'em a soul so they can make their own choices and live with it
20 years later, them same strangers, you make 'em meet again
Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits
Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident
Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence?
Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin' life
While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight
So, I was takin' a walk the other day

--------------------------------------------------------


		THE POP OUT 
(Sometimes you got to pop out and show brosephs)

	NOT LIKE US  

Psst, I see dead people
(Mustard on the beat, ho)
Ayy, Mustard on the beat, ho
Deebo, any rap nigga, he a free throw
Man down, call an amberlamps, tell him, "Breathe, bro"
Nail a nigga to the cross, he walk around like Teezo
What's up with these jabroni-ass niggas tryna see Compton?
The industry can hate me, fuck 'em all and they mama
How many opps you really got? I mean, it's too many options
I'm finna pass on this body, I'm John Stockton
Beat your ass and hide the Bible if God watchin'
Sometimes you gotta pop out and show niggas
Certified boogeyman, I'm the one that up the score with 'em
Walk him down, whole time I know he got some ho in him
Pole on him, extort shit, bully, Death Row on him
Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young
You better not ever go to cell block one
To any bitch that talk to him and they in love
Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him
They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs
And PARTY at the party, playin' with his nose now
And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?
Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, Dot, fuck 'em up
Wop, wop, wop, wop, wop, I'ma do my stuff
Why you trollin' like a bitch? Ain't you tired?
Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A-Minor
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
You think the Bay gon' let you disrespect Pac, nigga?
I think that Oakland show gon' be your last stop, nigga
Did Cole foul, I don't know why you still pretendin'
What is the owl? Bird niggas and bird bitches, go
The audience not dumb
Shape the stories how you want
Hey, Drake, they're not slow
Rabbit hole is still deep, I can go further, I promise
Ain't that somethin'? B-Rad stands for bitch
And you Malibu most wanted
Ain't no law, boy, you ballboy, fetch Gatorade or somethin'
Since 2009, I had this bitch jumpin'
You niggas'll get a wedgie, be flipped over your boxers
What OVO for? The "Other Vaginal Option"? Pussy
Nigga better straighten they posture, got famous all up in Compton
Might write this for the docket, tell the pop star, "Quit hidin'"
Fuck a caption, want action, no accident, and I'm hands-on
He fuck around, get polished
Fucked on Wayne girl while he was in jail, that's connivin'
Then get his face tatted like a bitch apologizin'
I'm glad DeRoz' came home, y'all didn't deserve him neither
From Alondra down to Central, nigga better not speak on Serena
And your homeboy need subpoena, that predator move in flocks
That name gotta be registered and placed on neighborhood watch
I lean on you niggas like another line of Wock'
Yeah, it's all eyes on me, and I'ma send it up to Pac, ayy
Put the wrong label on me, I'ma get 'em dropped, ayy
Sweet Chin Music and I won't pass the aux, ayy
How many stocks do I really have in stock? Ayy
One, two, three, four, five, plus five, ayy
Devil is a lie, he a 69 God, ayy
Freaky-ass niggas need to stay they ass inside, ayy
Roll they ass up like a fresh pack of 'Za, ayy
City is back up, it's a must, we outside, ayy
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
They not like us, they not like us, they not like us
Once upon a time, all of us was in chains
Homie still doubled down callin' us some slaves
Atlanta was the Mecca, buildin' railroads and trains
Bear with me for a second, let me put y'all on game
The settlers was usin' town folk to make 'em richer
Fast-forward, 2024, you got the same agenda
You run to Atlanta when you need a check balance
Let me break it down for you, this the real nigga challenge
You called Future when you didn't see the club (ayy, what?)
Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up (what?)
21 gave you false street cred
Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head (ayy, what?)
Quavo said you can be from Northside (what?)
2 Chainz say you good, but he lied
You run to Atlanta when you need a few dollars
No, you not a colleague, you a fuckin' colonizer
The family matter and the truth of the matter
It was God's plan to show y'all the liar
Mm
Mhm
He a fan, he a fan, he a fan (mm)
He a fan, he a fan, he a
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Freaky-ass nigga, he a 69 God
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Hey, hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Let me hear you say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Say, "OV-ho" (OV-ho)
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way
Are you my friend?
Are we locked in?
Then step this way, step that way
Then step this way, step that way


